Can write me a new readme page base on the following:


the following are notes from the github readme for my project - SpeakEasy - working a turnkey platform open source that trainers may uee with simple fill in the blanks quiz frameworks - to assist new citizens with test and basic english skills - or be tailored to other content with instructions 



Oct. Update work for daily.js setup on Anvil site and awaits tests. July 1 2023 is coming. Practice site for the Canadian Citizenship Test.

Mar.10 2022 - working on css in pages using built-in dev tools for checking screens in different displasy - will update screen images next.

July 4, 2022 - Seems Canada Day would be a nice launch day for the project - Launch Goal July 1, 2023 - Canada Day -

2 quiz done by Zack Adam - july 21 - looks like Canada Day 2023 is a go.

ug 10 - hoping to get my new menus in this week. then onto Daily.js to tweak the chat window?

Need to lose the Bootstrap menu from the Pythonanyhere pages - want hamburger menu for bet mobile look. June 3

CSS, Html, and JS need work - Basic Python multiple quiz Forked from JakeKandell/quiz-site. This will beome Computer Tutor site content. Idea is to provide free unlimited practice test based upon the actual bank of questions the real citizenship test draws from. I have 150 question available from Richmond BC public libary site. The second aspect of the site/service will be basic literacy mentoring - Basic Literacy being defined as ability to read and make notes from a Newspaper story. Level presumed to be around 6 grade public school English. Will include links to Computer Tutor - Online Learning Systems if individual attention is requested.

This will beome Computer Tutor site content. Idea is to provide free unlimited practice test based upon the actual bank of questions the real citizenship test draws from. I have 150 question available from Richmond BC public libary site. The second aspect of the site/service will be basic literacy mentoring - Basic Literacy being defined as ability to read and make notes from a Newspaper story. Level presumed to be around 6 grade public school English. new javascript quiz content can look like this

Vocabulary quiz setup much like the citizenship quiz will assist with basic English vocabulary building. All of this will be open and free with no log in required. More advanced one-to-one mentoring would be arranged via the Computer Tutor Site.